@** The Z2 programming language

The second programming level of Zollern is called, obviously,
Z2. It is much the same kind of language as Z1, but improved.

Z1 was constrained by the way it was implemented. We had to write
it all in assembler, and it isn't fun to change it and improve
it after it got off the ground enough to write programs in it. It
was much more fun to write those programs, including the first
versions of the editor, the type setter, the UI framework, and
of course the shell.

The plan with Z2 is now to move forward in history a bit and add
a mild type system and write a compiler that does at least [emph
some] optimizations.

But the main advance will be to write it in a higher level language
(Z1) which will make it fun again to modify it. For example, Z1 has
no hexa-decimal or floating point literals because they didn't
seem important back when that part of it was laboriously hacked
in assembler. Now we could use them, but it is way too tedious
to go back into the assembler mindset and modify Z1. Z2 is meant
to get us out of that hole.

Initially, Z2 will be fully compatible with Z1 and we will develop
it until it can successfully compile all the existing Z1 code.
Then we change the bootstrap process to only use the old Z1 compiler
to compile the Z2 compiler, which will then compile the rest.
And [emph then] we will start adding the good stuff to Z2 and
improve the existing programs to make use of it. We can drop
compatibility with Z1 at that point.

The interoperability of Z1 and Z2 is limited by macros: The Z2
compiler can not run macro expansion code compiled by Z1 since
the data structures that represent the code only work within
an active Z1 context. So we might just not let them interact
at all. Let's see.

The downside of Z2 is that it is a slower compiler than Z1: It
has more complicated algorithms, and it is not written by hand
in assembler but is compiled by a compiler that generates rather
bad machine code (Z1). Hopefully this doesn't matter.

